I'm good I'm doing well but not as well
as you are because I didn't leave him
like kind of put the dates together but
you've been only doing this
professionally for how many years now uh
what are you packing up reflect you know
getting paid yeah
probably five years five years maybe
yeah and you've become this huge star in
in five years which is crazy I don't
know I don't know my huge stuff well
listen I'll assess it it is a huge star
I just read that confusing record that
you set and it's a good record yeah you
dropped out of college you were like
close to graduation right yeah a twenty
one credit hours left
Oh like a semester and a half maybe okay
you can do a half semester right and
then but you decided you know what I'm
gonna go make a what was it that made
you decide to drop out well I was a
pretty bad student so that I said you
know I've been in school for five years
at that point you know and I've been
singing my whole life and it was just
something I you know I didn't understand
that like wow you can do something that
you like and people will pay you for it
well I got it in comprehend that what
were you planning to do what was your
major my major was criminal justice I
wanted to be a homicide detective as a
way of what I wanted to do which people
are pretty surprised by huh but if
you've noticed I don't actually have the
physical build of a police officer
necessarily so I didn't that's right yes
they ask like how do you why did you
want to do that where you're watching
CSI and you thought yes that's what I
would like to do I I mean I don't know
about CSI uh-huh I mean something along
those lines for I'm sure I was like how
cool was that guy I think he made the
right choice
I think it was like solving the puzzle
was the intriguing part to me which is
what I love so much about writing songs
Oh interesting
it's a it's a puzzle that has no pieces
so you make the pieces and then you have
to put them together oh and that's the
thing that I enjoy so much about about
writing these and now this is kind of a
cool as far as coming full circle goes
you are playing a big show at your alma
mater yes yes yeah I'm playing my first
stadium show at Appalachian State
University and Buddy that you keep in
touch with that you will invite to the
show I mean not probably not from my
time there just cuz I wasn't in class a
lot sure my high school chorus teacher
and me are still very gotcha do you play
like gigs in the local college area when
you were there I did I played a lot of
gigs when I started you know I am aware
that would let me play I mean it in
turned into my job pretty quickly I was
working two jobs and going to school and
what were you doing I was a bouncer at a
bar but I actually lived above the bar
upstairs and then I was I folded shirts
an Izod store really good imagine that
yeah Wow
are you good at falling shirts still to
this I you know what my fiance makes fun
of me all the time but I still fold my
shirts the same way I did in that store
so this
it's the I put them in a bag and I hand
them to my wife Wow
so you're a bouncer and playing gigs and
did you bounce at the same place you
played gigs well I never bounce at the
same time that I played once I played my
first show so the way it kind of went
down was I lived there were seven
apartments above this really tiny strip
mall there was the bar on the left the
middle was a tanning so on the right was
Domino's Pizza mm-hmm and so I lived in
between the Domino's and a tanning salon
like on the wall pretty much mm-hmm so I
could hear the tanning salon phone that
would go off at all hours of the night
and I'm not sure why people were calling
the tanning salon at 2:00 in the morning
but they were yeah and it's dark so I
had I would have my job but bounce and I
would go downstairs I'd work outside
it's freezing cold all the time and I go
upstairs and I went down asked my boss
one night I said hey I said I just I've
been playing guitar for the last year
and a half I've been singing like you
should let me do a show here I've never
done the show and he said well I can't
because in our lease agreement there are
seven apartments upstairs and those
people aren't they don't want to be here
in music and I said well I'm one of the
skies that lit and I said I will get
everybody down here and nobody will call
I promise and he was like oh I can't do
it contractually speaking then I go okay
so I went to the bar across the street
and I booked the show on a Wednesday
night my first show I ever played I
charged $1 for a ticket I made $200
tender people showed up Wow and that was
more money that I made it both of my
jobs that week and so I went across the
street the next day and I told my boss I
said hey I played a show next door 200
people came on a Wednesday I can either
keep doing that or I can do that here
the choice is yours
and he chose to let me do the show he
chose to violate his lease again
and now you're you're a real boy
if this isn't a sign of success I don't
know what is you've got your you've got
your own custom Crocs that you dissin do
yes will you wear these to your wedding
absolutely yes and what is the idea here
like they're camouflage but also orange
this is okay this is high camouflage
fashion okay here yeah so my first pair
this is mine this is the I call these
the LC 2s well these are obviously not
the first pair you've designed we you
know I mean we couldn't get our hands on
the first addition for you Jimmy okay
yeah so fast don't worry I'll go come on
the website but no and so I'm I'm kind
of red if you couldn't tell so the hammo
kind of works for the three-year
compiler the Jiffy Lube look you knew
same works good the idea here is if
you're in the woods right let's say
you're in the woods and you're hunting
yeah in Prague don't have this orange
okay I know that you're not a fox foxing
proxy of clocks in Crocs that's yes sure
yes
yeah well congratulations how those bye
wait what is that a B rope it is yeah
[Laughter]
alright are you gonna play some music
for us tonight yes everyone's got to pay
a dollar in tonight for the music our
new phones is called
what-you-see-is-what-you-get it comes
out Friday
Luke combs everybody congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it